[IMP] Frontdesk: update visitors dashboard (#12978)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/frontdesk/visitors.rst

Visitors
========

> In the Odoo **Frontdesk** application, a *visitor* is defined as any non-employee (e.g., repair

Reviewer: possible edit for brevity!
```suggestion
In the Odoo **Frontdesk** application, a *visitor* refers to any non-employee (e.g., repair
```

person, job candidate, etc.). These visitors can be logged upon arrival and departure for security

> purposes. This ensures an accurate list of people on the premises.

Reviewer: Another possible rewording suggestion:

Visitor arrivals and departures can be logged for security purposes, ensuring an accurate record of who is on the premises.

Author: I love it! I struggled with the wording here, I'll admit =)

- :guilabel:`CheckIn`: the date and time the guest checked in.
- :guilabel:`Checkout`\*: the date and time the guest checked out. In the default view, only guests
  with a :guilabel:`Checked-In` or :guilabel:`Planned` status are visible. Guests with check-out
  times are only visible if the :guilabel:`Today` filter is removed.
- :guilabel:`Duration`: the amount of time the guest has been checked in for.
- :guilabel:`Station`: the location of where the guest checked in.
- :guilabel:`Status`: the status of the guest. The options are :guilabel:`Checked-In`,
  :guilabel:`Planned`, :guilabel:`Checked-Out`, or :guilabel:`Cancelled`.
- :guilabel:`Email`\*: the guest's email address.
- :guilabel:`Company`\*: the company the guest is there to visit. This field is only available if in
  a multi-company database.

\* These fields are not visible in the default :guilabel:`Visitor` list. These must be enabled using

> the :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(adjust settings)` icon in the top-right of the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(adjust settings)` icon in the top-right corner of the list.
```

To the far-right of the titled columns on the :guilabel:`Visitors` page, there is an untitled
column, where a guest's status can be updated.

When a guest leaves, click the available :guilabel:`Check out` button to update the guest's record,
and log the date and time they left.

If a scheduled guest arrives, and they did not check in using a **Frontdesk** kiosk, they can be
checked in from this list, by clicking the available :guilabel:`Check in` button to log the date and
time they arrived.

Beside the untitled status column, a :guilabel:`Drink Served` button appears, but only if that
particular visitor requested a drink.

When their drink has been served, click the :guilabel:`Drink Served` button to indicate the drink
has been delivered to the guest. Once clicked, that button disappears.

On the far-right of the line, a :guilabel:`Print Badge` button appears for *planned* visitors

> **only**. Click this button to download a PDF file of the visitor's bade. The badge displays the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**only**. Click this button to download a PDF file of the visitor's badge. The badge displays the
```

> date and time the visitor checked-in, the visitor's name and company, who they are visiting, and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date and time the visitor checked in, the visitor's name and company, who they are visiting, and the
```

logo of the company they are visiting.

.. note::
   The PDF badge can be printed onto adhesive labels for the visitor to wear, or onto paper that can
   be placed into a plastic badge holder.

.. image:: visitors/visitors.png
   :alt: The full list of currently checked in visitors, with the drinks to be served highlighted.

If any column is not visible, or if a visible column is preferred to be hidden, click the
:icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(adjust settings)` icon, located at the end of the column name

> list. Doing so, reveals a reveals a drop-down menu of column options to enable or disable. A

Reviewer: I'm not too sure what's being described here :thinking: 

"column name list"? Can you double-check this is what you meant, Lara? :D

Author: I meant the end of the top line of the list - so the header line. I updated - thanks!

> :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(adjust settings)` icon, located at the end of the column name
> list. Doing so, reveals a reveals a drop-down menu of column options to enable or disable. A

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(adjust settings)` icon, located at the end of the column name
list. Doing so reveals a drop-down menu of column options to enable or disable. A
```

:icon:`fa-check` :guilabel:`(check)` icon indicates the column is visible.

Planned visitors
================

> Enter expected guest information in advance by creating a planned guest in the **Frontdesk** app.

Reviewer: While this is a definition, I'm not sure this provides the business context. Who are these planned visitors? Are they interviewees? And how does putting these visitors in the system in advance help the business? A quick sentence explaining that would provide more value! :)

Author: Good idea! I also added a sub-section for 'planned visitor check in' since I didn't realize a side panel appears if one is available! My example includes job candidates, government officials (who arrive to do audits) and new suppliers - common factory/office guests. Thanks!
